---
title: Privacy Policy
description: Sebastiano Racca's blog privacy policy
published: '2023-12-14T18:41:20.000+01:00'
updated: '2023-12-14T18:41:20.000+01:00'
giscus: false
options:
  - unlisted
---

## Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service.
By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Sebastiano Racca's Blog.

* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* **Service** refers to the Website.

* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* **Website** refers to Sebastiano Racca's Blog, accessible from https://blog.racca.me

* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

This section outlines how Your Personal Data is collected and used when You access or use the Service.

While the Company, Sebastiano Racca's Blog, does not personally collect any data, it's important to note that third-party services, such as GitHub Pages and Cloudflare, are utilized to provide and enhance the Service.
These third-party services may collect certain information automatically when You interact with the Website.
Please refer to the privacy policies of GitHub Pages and Cloudflare for details on their data collection and processing practices.

### Purpose of Data Collection
The primary purpose of collecting and using Your Personal Data is to ensure the proper functioning and improvement of the Service.
The Company does not use cookies directly; however, third-party services may use cookies for various purposes, including web analytics.

### Service Providers
The Company may employ third-party companies or individuals ("Service Providers") to facilitate the Service, provide the Service on behalf of the Company, perform services related to the Service, or assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
These Service Providers may have access to Your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Usage Data
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself. This may include the duration of a page visit, but the Company does not personally analyze or process this data.

### Your Rights
As an individual accessing or using the Service, You have rights regarding Your data. Even though the Company does not directly collect Personal Data, You may refer to the privacy policies of GitHub Pages and Cloudflare for information on how to exercise Your rights with respect to the data they may collect.

## Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13.
If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in Our data practices, applicable laws, or to address new concerns.
The date of the last update will be indicated at the beginning of the Privacy Policy.
Significant changes will be notified to users through appropriate means.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
* By email: sebastiano@racca.me
* By visiting this page on our website: https://racca.me/contact